I've gotten a lot of complaints
from people
saying get over it it's just a
movie anytime I list things that
a movie might have gone wrong
but I think they just don't
understand me
well I'm not there to just be
killed I'll you watching a movie
a movie that invests heavily in
getting things right
he kinda interesting to see what
they might have gotten wrong or
what they would have overlooked
I don't think you should deny me
that access to the movie you
wouldn't do that if you happen
to be friends with her
a world-class costume designer
and their they come see movies
you know
that hoop skirt was invented ten
years later than the scene
that they're portraying their so
they miss you be intrigued by
that
that maybe their costume
designer got it wrong that's
kind of interesting
I think it gets a little closer
to the Phil with to the
making the film and and and the
creativity of the people engaged
if a movie has no pretense are
getting anything right up
what happens to get a few things
right a call that up
I think it gives you more things
to pay attention to I don't
I'm not apologetic about that
I up
if it enhances your moving fine
if you could ruins it for you
I there are then break don't
invite me to the movies with you